yo this is recap wraps this episode is
sponsored by hbo max
so we're going to go ahead and cover the
superhero smash starring the sexiest
submariner in all the seven seas
aquaman here we go far from gotham's
gangs and mobsters this hero hails from
the land of lobster born from legends of
mythology who run the hottest club below
the sea
pops found a royal who fled her home
love at the first goldfish to the dome
start a famine now it's a lit house
water bots raid kimmy got a dip out
arthur grows up fishy friends in tow
mentored by man bun defoe till he's
tatted and named stone cold super hottie
styled like a roadie at an after party
high tech pirate in the family biz on
the way to being crowned arch nemesis
when daddy's left to die by the
so-called hero moral gray area breakfast
beers though politics and the briny deep
pat wilson want to decimate the surface
peeps
ivan drucker tries to burst his bubble
but you can't expect a guy who has
sharks to be subtle
as a warning from storm and norman earth
white tsunami hit like global warming
could be the end for pops and art and
stirring up conspiracies randall park
erratic tale but now i understand more
why most of the ocean stays unexplored
eighty percent of it is mystery stuff no
need to find atlanta's cause we know
enough sharks and meals are straight up
nightmarish
i wanna stop well before they found the
angler
in town deflects her atlantean ability
to deus ex jupo spitting morning the
trident mcguffin seems to show but
waterbots keep interrupting
aryan douche hawaiian stud for the
story's purpose they share some blood
the society is as advanced as it gets
still they got a gladiator battle to the
death the ring of fire ain't the
weirdest part with that giant octopus
doing ringo starr
tried and stabs mainly bubble screams
call it a draw there are intervenes
baywatch struts come on lap it up
trek through the desert in africa think
cold chasm get the tube liquidy hollow
switzer bottle land now it's up to italy
meanwhile magic gets a new deal broker
daft punk helmet and a super soaker
paints are black
tankers with attack ain't evil till we
hear the new vocal effect normal first
state snacking on bouquets find a clue
then black man to ruin the day lay waste
to a coastal town once lovely but this
ain't nancy's night to get lucky
probably concussed and that hurts like
hell even worse i bet he crashed in a
pile of kelp
a drummond octopus would stop my heart
i won't even wait into the shallow parts
stoppage crabs and enemies it's all the
devil's work
tell me you haven't freaked out when
seaweed grazes your leg you know what i
mean
or just by shape of water stab him on
the spot ally with his daughter locks up
the foe on tyrannical king the whip
for being honest he was also complicit
meredith
flirting like ron burgundy swarm of fish
zombies rise up from underneath chased
through a vortex this could be it fam
rescue from their ultimate undoing my
kidnapping livin as a herbert's a remote
but of course conveniently close to the
glorified fork
battle tentacles to live the dream bomb
the orange green but i miss the jeans
form a bigger deuce than he has to be
ocean master sounds fascisty steam crab
looks preposterous
till a man rides on a lobster foot
schooling all the fish from whale the
krill to commit homicides against the
will gets on 101 but come on he's got
the thing cut him down in public and now
he's the king
doctor manta hat and meet agent wu who's
real magic trick is booking two cu's
back to maine now the tale's been told
till next time let the credits lobster
roll
that was aquaman y'all and this is recap
wraps i'm gonna throw it over to my boys
but remember the ocean is a terrifying
place and we should just leave alone
okay
we'll see y'all next time
thanks ryan great song by the way and we
want to give a big thanks to hbo max for
sponsoring this video
as you may be aware hbo max is a
streaming platform
with tons of great content including a
lot of superhero titles
and since we do a lot of superhero stuff
on our channel we thought we'd share
with you
the top five dc titles we think you
should watch on hbo max
number five is 2019's joker which you
can see on hbo through hbo max
this one was a very intense not a comedy
no not a comedy at all you'd think with
the name of the joker you think with
joker it would be
but no it is uh it's a little bit more
serious but i mean it's a lot more
serious yeah it's
a really interesting take on the joker
and it has really great performances and
it's like unique
and i think people should see it at
least once yeah so that's why it's on
the list yeah
coming in at number four we have shazam
absolutely
love this movie for me it's so secure
and what it's trying to do a lot of
movies nowadays they almost
apologize for the wackier elements here
it's like nope
it's shazam you're gonna get the wizard
you're gonna get some wacky villains ah
it's great
at number three we have the animated
series harley quinn
this is so good it's really cool to see
good adult animated comedy
it's rick and morty-esque but i do like
that it has a more
continuing narrative that depicts sort
of this
mini redemptive arc of harley quinn of
her trying to become a better
person not like a good person she's
still very much a villain but a better
person what a better person
it's got a great story and it says a lot
of f words
but it earns those f words yeah f yeah
at number two we have
batman the animated series oh boy what
do we say about this
it's one of the best animated things
ever made every aspect of it is great
from storytelling animation the voices
voice acting it features
like the most seminal takes of all the
characters it's just a great
wonderful series that if you haven't
watched shame on you
fix it now and number one the dark
knight
look batman is the best this is there's
a lot of batman on this list
scientifically batman is the best dark
knight if you love the trilogy you have
to watch one
is the gold standard it's so it's
meticulously
beautifully crafted heath ledger's joker
every
moment that he's on or you even think
he's gonna be there you are
gripped i can watch it a million times
and still just
feel all of the same emotions even
though i know exactly what they're gonna
do
the dark knight it's awesome and there
it is that's our top five list of things
you should check out on hbo max
obviously there's a lot of other great
titles to check out uh this is just a
primer to get you started and keep you
busy
for for a long while like a weekend yeah
so to get started
click the link in the description to
sign up and start streaming instantly
they've got a lot of great plans like
the all-new hbo max with ads
which is only 9.99 a month once again
big thanks to hbo max for sponsoring
this video
hbo max everything you love all in one
place
you